# published-work
The PREVAIL Cohort is a 2-year, CDC funded birth cohort in the Greater Cincinnati, OH area. Rolling enrollment was conducted in the third trimester of pregnancy at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center and The Christ Hospital, Cincinnati between April 2017-July 2018. Data collection was from birth until age two in 245 children, beginning May 2017 and completing August 2020. Mothers were asked weekly to submit a stool sample, and mid-turbinate nasal swab, and to answer a brief symptoms survey re: the child's symptoms over the last 7 days (presence of cough, fever, diarrhea, vomiting). Demographic, health history, anthropometric, nutrition, and exposure data as well as a serum sample was collected at periodic in-person study visits. 

For details on data collection methods, aims of the study, and preliminary findings, please see the published protocol (available here). Other published work is included in this file. If you are interested in collaborating with PREVAIL or would like more information, please reach out to the corresponding authors listed in the published protocol.

Citation: Morrow AL, Staat MA, DeFranco EA, McNeal MM, Cline AR, Conrey SC, Schlaudecker EP, Piasecki AM, Burke RM, Niu L, Hall AJ, Bowen MD, Gerber SI, Langley GE, Thornburg NJ, Campbell AP, Vinjé J, Parashar UD, Payne DC. Pediatric Respiratory and Enteric Virus Acquisition and Immunogenesis in US Mothers and Children Aged 0-2: PREVAIL Cohort Study. JMIR Res Protoc. 2021 Feb 12;10(2):e22222. doi: 10.2196/22222. PMID: 33576746; PMCID: PMC7910118.
